---
name: SESAR_v3.8
title: SESAR v3.8 (February, 2012)
date: 2012/02/01
layout: posts
categories: release-notes
tags: 
---


# SESAR v3.8 (February, 2012)
1. Improved Search Interface: The Advanced Settings panel now auto-completes searches for Registrant, Collector, Archive, Field Program/Cruise, Platform Name, and Collection Method. In addition, by clicking View list, the user can view all possible entries that exist in SESAR. There is a new option to search by registration date of the sample.
2. QR code has replaced the barcode: On the sample profile, the barcode has been replaced with a 2-D QR (quick response) code. This QR code, if snapped with a QR reader (for example, on smartphones), will resolve to the URL of the sample profile.
3. New metadata fields: New metadata fields, have been added to the Sample Profile: Launch, Launch Type, Launch ID, Navigation Type, Purpose. See their definitions on the vocabulary page.
4. Download complete metadata option: You can now download the complete metadata list from MySESAR and search results. Just click “Download extended list”
5. More help with sample registration: More information has been added to help you to register samples, suggested and controlled vocabulary lists are posted on the help page. Please visit: http://www.geosamples.org/help.
6. The IGSN Search box on the upper-right hand corner of the SESAR home page returns existing samples only, not empty profiles.
7. The Download Sample List option in MySESAR and on search result pages can now download more than 100 samples.
