---
name: SESAR_v6.1
title: SESAR v6.1 (February 20, 2015)
date: 2015/02/20
layout: posts
categories: release_notes
tags: 
---


# SESAR v.6.1 (February 20, 2015)
1. Added option for users to toggle samples as public or private from the Sample Edit page.
2. Improved the SESAR upload XML schema file to have more comments.
3. Improved the map projection for better display in the polar regions.
4. Improved the collection date precision validation.
5. Improved the notification of data managers when new namespaces are used for the first time.
6. Improved the label generation: blank spaces allowed on the labels for writing in information instead of "Not Provided"
7. Improved the SESAR API search to handle 5-digit namespaces.
8. Improved the display of cruise information for linked cruises.
9. Improved instructions for deleting multiple samples.
10. Improved downloaded spreadsheets to all have URL links to the sample profiles.
11. Standardized the IGSN sample link URLs within SESAR.
12. Added new materials - Ice and Synthetic.
13. Added new classification: Macrobiology>Coral.
14. Bug fix: Web Services, fixed bug where whitespace before IGSN would create error. 
15. Bug fix: Web Services, fixed bug of incorrect error message when IGSN already exists.
16. Bug fix: Web Services, improved the error message when no login or password was entered.
17. Bug fix: Web Services, improvement so that the "less than" symbol no longer causes an XML Parsing Error.
18. Bug fix: validation of data in batch registrations now checks the entire batch.
19. Bug fix: reimplemented the generation of PostGIS location information upon batch registration.
