---
name: SESAR_v8
title: SESAR v8.0.0
date: 2021/07/22
layout: posts
categories: release_notes
tags: 
summary: Support of ORCiD Authentication, new features, enhancements, and bug fixes

---

1. New Feature: SESAR now supports ORCiD authentication for accessing MySESAR services for users and administrators.  
2. New Feature: Use of Web Services now restricted.  Existing users will automatically have permission; new users will have to request permission using the following request form.
3. New Feature: IGSN Resolver tool added to the SESAR website. Entering an IGSN into the tool will lead directly to the sample metadata profile.
4. Enhancement: Added .tiff format to the supported file format list
5. Enhancement: Updated instructions for creating a profile and adding a user code to a new account.
6. Enhancement: Implemented a configurable image directory and a file upload directory.
7. Enhancement: Updated Sample Request form instructions and improved the contents of the Sample Request email.
8. Enhancement: Improved php functions.
9. Enhancement: ECL template export file name now includes minutes.
10. Enhancement: Improved validations for email notifications
11. Enhancement: improved validations for Depth in Core (Min) and Depth in Core (Max)
12. Enhancement: Updated instructions on the Sample Transfer page.
13. Enhancement: Upgraded ini package version in jQuery-File-Upload-10.21.0 package
14. Enhancement: Removed redundant and obsolete code, forms, and services.
15. Enhancement: Enforcements to permissions for modifying sample metadata.
16. Bug Fixes: Fixed a bug in the query for sample name equality match during batch validation.
17. Bug Fixes: Fixed a bug in the Sample Metadata Update process.
18. Bug Fixes: Fixed a bug related to file upload directory in the Admin Tool
19. Bug Fixes: Fixed a bug in the Print Label Preview
20. Bug Fixes: Fixed typos on the Sample Deletion page, xml schema, and sitemap creation tool.
